[Applause]
i'm howie lou i'm the co-founder and ceo
of airtable
we really think of ourselves as this
platform that lets anybody come in
regardless of industry or use case or
company type and basically build their
own
internal workflows we're the most
meta software product out there because
we're the software to build software
i really do believe that you know we
have 100x plus upside from here
we're never for lack of ideas there's
just such a broad surface area of what
we could do in our potential
it feels kind of like we're trying to
upgrade an airplane that's in the middle
of flying
you should be able to have control over
your own software and make it work the
way you want
[Music]
howie let's just jump into it i'm gonna
um let's just not assume everybody knows
what airtable is so
just give us that like high level
overview
yeah i mean the the easiest way to put
it for this crowd i think
is we are the bottoms up low code app
platform meaning
you know bottoms up you know is is uh in
our world you know meaning that we
we're adopted by business end users you
don't have to be technical you don't
have to be i.t you don't have to be a
developer
to come in and build useful internal
applications um
with airtable and low code meaning you
know you're building these real
robust solutions right um you know that
that actually empower
uh you know business processes within
your company
and so that when you think about you
know how broad that can be
like give me some idea of the scope here
because you know help me wrap my head
around that
yeah i mean to to be honest like some of
this was was a little bit of a
serendipitous surprise when we first
launched the product we thought this
would be initially something that really
appealed to more tech startups you know
kind of you think of these
tech savvier crowds that are able to
come in and build
uh you know kind of and be earlier
adopters on on products like this but
what really was was incredible was as
soon as we launched we actually saw this
enormous diversity of use cases popping
up on our table you know we had
hundreds of of sign ups from you know
big companies like connie nast or nike
within the first few months um or
certainly the first year of uh
you know kind of launching as a product
um but we also got you know literal
cattle farmers going out and building
you know cattle tracking applications
with air table and so i think
the staggering thing to me was just how
much you know there
there is this distributed amount of what
i think of as software
creativity in the world and um and these
people within every company within every
industry every type of
you know organization are just yearning
to go and like build software that they
the way that they want it to work um and
and you know i think we've been
fortunate to be able to provide an
outlet for
for a lot of those use cases yeah so you
had mentioned
a broad range of use cases and i think
maybe some of the people that are
watching
struggle with this i don't know i'm
curious i always think it's somewhat of
a blessing
and a curse to have the ability to do
anything for anybody
so when i think about there there's some
really important horizontal solutions
out there in the world um and as you
thought about this
did you think of it as a blessing or a
curse or as we sort of go into some of
the strategic
challenges or opportunities that you
have
some of the people watching our face how
do you think about being this
horizontal yeah i think it's i think of
the the answer
on time horizons as in you know i think
this is kind of like a marathon where
if if you're really good at holding this
pace and just having this
this deliberate focus on being a
horizontal platform and trying to serve
this massively diverse
you know totally addressable market then
i think in the long term you have
more durable advantages i think you have
a bigger market to grow into
and an easier path to scale into lots of
different use cases
so you don't have this kind of market
size risk down the road however
up front there's kind of the cold start
problem you know it is hard to come in
and just say hey this is a you can build
anything
kind of platform right you can build a
cattle tracking app you can build
a video production management system you
can build you know a way to orchestrate
you know kind of your your entire global
marketing
uh process right around launching new
products
um and that just you know the fact that
we're a horizontal platform we're
serving all these different use cases
i think did make it harder initially to
get that running start um
you know notable examples of this
included you know when we went out and
raised
our our first few rounds of funding um a
ton of the investors out there
you know they would basically give us
the feedback of hey we think you're
really
you know you've built this really cool
product it's clearly you know required a
lot of product
talent to go and create something that's
so powerful yet so usable and yet we
think your entire business plan
is fatally flawed by the fact that you
haven't picked a single vertical
to just very crisply define here's the
exact you know target use case target
persona target company
and here's your go to market you know
sales strategy to to go
and and um and land those customers
repeatedly right
um which i think you know to their
credit like there was some validity to
that right because i think
you know build it and and hope uh hope
that customers come is generally not a
very viable
you know go to market strategy like i
don't think you know you should ever put
in your business plan like we're just
going to build it and hope that people
come
but i think in our case like we we did
you know it required some amount of
effort i think we really tried to study
some of the early adoption that we got
um understand how people were using us
build product improvements to better
serve their needs
also doing things like creating
templates that really created this
balance of like being able to
suggest and give people kind of a launch
off point for specific use cases
yet not bind ourselves to any one
vertical um those all helped but i think
we also frankly got a little bit lucky
right because
every time a new company is launched
there's a little bit of the the guy
being cast
and did you roll a lucky kind of product
market fit or did you not and i think we
did kind of just start seeing organic
pick up
um and you know in addition to the hard
work of everybody on the team
part of that was luck well let me ask
you it's maybe
a little bit of an aside but i know like
major motion pictures plan their movies
on you but then also
you have this cattle thing like can you
what
yeah i mean i think one of the
interesting things is like so bizarre
totally i mean i think one of the things
is you know that that we are trying to
now navigate is
it's it's a valid point that we should
start you know defining
not the use cases that we exclusively
want to be built on our table or or
that we want error table be exclusively
used for um but at least what are the
highest value use cases that for us
as a business are the strategically most
important to make sure that we continue
to to build product improvements for
that we're serving 100
well um and that we then also start you
know kind of building these
uh increasingly you know kind of
specific go to market efforts
to get out to the market for so while at
the same time we want to
maintain this completely flexible you
know product experience for anybody to
come in
you know for the cattle farmers to be
able to come in and use we're not
necessarily going to go and spend a ton
of effort
just given the the you know kind of
likely size of the cattle farming or the
cattle tracking
you know kind of use case vertical in
comparison to something much bigger like
you know we can land you know every
marketing team in the world that's a
much bigger
vertical and also a strategically
advantaged place to then expand to other
parts of the enterprise
um so you know there's this combination
of like trying to keep the core product
experience as
intuitive and flexible as possible so
that we can support all these long tail
use cases like cal farming
but then you know starting to layer on
these kind of vertical prongs
of product and go to market
specialization so that we can do a
really good job of going after the high
value use cases
so i think i'm thinking of this
as these are some of the strategic
decisions that you had to make
so a horizontal platform that can do
anything how do you maintain flexibility
and still be able to have an ease of use
for an obvious market and templates were
one way that you did that
um and it sounds like you know you
continue to explore that and there's
just so many things that people
in these different areas are doing with
their table so
do you find i know that another sort of
strategic question that people have
on this road to scale is is it bottom-up
adoption
or top-down enterprise sale
and or is it is it one or the other is
it both
then is it you know how did how did you
think of
you know one is this horizontal versus
vertical and i think that would be
helpful like you want to
be flexible yet yet easy
for the biggest use case the second is
like what's your
how do you think about bottom up versus
top down yeah
yeah i mean it's a it's a great um
question and obviously a very
challenging question um you know i think
on the product side
um you know i think it's it's it's
foundational to build
a horizontal product as in you know it's
it's really hard and part of the reason
why we
chose to go down this horizontal route
and commit to it rather than starting
with the vertical and then
trying to make it more horizontal over
time it's like i think it's just
foundational that the product experience
you know it's in our core dna as a
product to try to take
all of this complexity all of these
things that you can do with the lego
pieces of airtable
and distill them into these really
intuitive pieces right to give an
example like
you know in air table you have a few
different primitives if you will right
field types um you have you know
different types of views
we now have things like air table apps
that you can add on top of an air table
database
there's collaboration features and all
of these
features have to be designed in a really
elegant way that doesn't require
you know reading a support article to
figure out right that anybody can come
in
and just intuit how they can piece them
together to build the solution
in their mind not a solution that we've
already prescribed right so
i think on the horizontal product side i
think that's just foundational and like
we made a real commitment as a company
when we first started
to always put this rigorous focus on on
making that product experience intuitive
and continue to build more power into
the product without diluting or without
like kind of tainting
the elegance of of that um onboarding
experience so i think that that's just
core
um on the go to market side i think it's
really interesting you know we hired our
cmo earlier this year she's incredible
she uh her name is archer agarwal and
uh before airtable she was at atlassian
where she basically helped lead
marketing for a lot of their all of
their cloud
uh you know versions of their products
right um and atlassian is sort of famous
or maybe some people call it infamous
for being like very um you know uh
bottoms up oriented right for a very
long period of company even past
you know ipo and at the point they were
at hundreds of millions in revenue
like the the adage was like no sales
people right um
and you know i think that um and then
you know perhaps somewhat in contrast
you know we
just had our cro start seth shaw who
whose background was actually in kind of
a more hybrid sales environment
starting with log me in where he was uh
had a worldwide sales
uh but also worked at companies like
reikan and vision that saw like kind of
more of a hybrid approach
and so i think it's i wouldn't call
these competing philosophies so much as
you know there's kind of good parts of
each of those experiences that we want
to fuse together into like
you know the perfect setup for air table
i think that you know the bottoms up
engine
there's no question it's very high
efficiency right like your unit
economics
are just going to look awesome if you do
bottoms up that are listening
you started in bottom up you had that
adoption for sure
yeah i mean we really didn't do much in
the way of outbound sales and marketing
um you know before this year even now
it's still kind of early days
experimental efforts and so
you know the scale that we got like i
mean you know uh early on and even to
the state like
you know we get thousands of many
thousands of organic signups per day and
some percent of those convert
through the funnel into active users and
then some of those people just pull out
a credit card
without literally ever talking to a
person at their table right sales or
support
and just start paying us right and
sometimes they'll add more seats and
it'll expand
um and then sometimes they'll actually
reach out to sales and will engage with
them
um in more of a reactive and
consultative way but i think there's so
many opportunities to now
layer on top of that high efficiency
bottoms up motion
also this increasingly proactive
enterprise sales motion where
i like to think of it as additive in
value right we're not just trying to
like get
our customers to pay us more money and
use sales as the way to kind of extract
that from them
but quite the opposite i think sales has
this opportunity to actually be
proactive
in presenting ideas for how these
customers can
make more you know make more use of air
table build new use cases or even expand
to new teams within their enterprise who
could genuinely you know get value out
of building on air tables so
that's a big push for us right now and i
think that um you know there's kind of a
uh a new s-curve to be built on top of
the existing s-curve
if we can do both so they're not
competing so much as i think additive
so what advice would you give to
founders out there that
start in the bottom up world or
start in the top down like
how long people are like do they have to
do both
is there a time clock like how do you
how do you think about that
or what would you tell people who are
watching to think about that
yeah i mean well so there's a great post
i think it came out recently
from um andreessen horowitz on their
blog
uh about exactly this topic you know i
forget the name of the exact uh
article but i think if you search for
bottoms up top down uh you know the 20
30 million er you would probably find it
david george is one of the authors
um and you know i think it puts it
really well which is look like
bottoms up is great like if you can get
a bottoms-up growth
engine going fantastic you've just
gotten this like free source of like you
know it's like a spring that's just
shooting out like free delicious water
but you don't have to bother excavating
out of the ground right and you should
take it like
there's no question you should take it
you shouldn't try to ignore it or
suppress it
but at the same time it's you know it's
probably not enough in most cases
to provide durable growth for the next
10 years right if your aspirations are
to become
a billion dollar plus revenue business
like it's very unlikely even atlassian
um it has layered in like real sales at
this point um
you know getting to a billion and beyond
in revenue and so i think
um you know it's sort of a matter of win
rather than weather
you you take this bottoms up engine and
not just replace it
or you know build a completely separate
sales engine but i think the best models
are really
you know synergistic where your sales
people
are actually you know leveraging the
bottoms of adoption within an existing
account for us for instance we have
like literally you know tens of
thousands of companies out there
who already have a you know five or
greater seat workspace
um that's active on our table and so
that's a great seed of adoption that
a sales person can reach out and say hey
like can we help you get more value out
of airtable can we talk about like how
to how to set up our table better how to
deploy it
you know to other use cases um and so
leveraging that bottoms up you know kind
of uh capability of the product
rather than just saying hey we're going
to build a completely different top-down
only
you know or outbound only sales engine
um that is
totally separate right so i think it's
it's figuring out and it's a whole new
world right i think you know none of
these
um hybrid models i think really existed
in practice you know call it eight years
ago at least certainly i wasn't aware of
them
and and so i think there is kind of this
really exciting kind of renaissance um
and this this conference is a great
venue to to kind of
uh probably learn about it um but uh but
of these hybrid bottoms up top-down sas
models i think that's the future i think
the companies with the best unit
economics are going to have this i mean
datadog is a recent example that i think
has has done this well right they have a
bottom sub activation funnel
if you're a tech startup you want to
adopt datadog you can do so by yourself
but you can also talk to a sales person
and they can also layer on these
you know kind of higher and higher
enterprise uh you know kind of touches
yeah i i think of it too as a when not
an
if and in a way you're trying to build a
giant
burger with two big buns bottom up and
top down and forget the b
totally gotta like write something about
that because they do i think this is the
future
so that's one of the things that always
impressed me about air table is
um something that i think a lot of
people can learn from
who are watching is how do you think
about the category
because it isn't you know it's it's it's
like
something but not it's really different
so how
how did you think about category
creation and how would you advise people
who are watching
to think about categories and how to fit
and how to talk about it and
how to exist and what's really different
for sure well i mean first i wish we had
thought more clearly about it
earlier um you know because i think for
a while we had convinced ourselves that
yeah of course we're a completely
different product from anything else out
there
and it should be obvious to everyone out
there investors and customers alike and
so
like we almost just assumed it was a
given that we were in a different
category right um
and i think we pitched ourselves often
to both customers and investors
as you know we're a software creation
platform that anyone can use of course
that's a new category of course nothing
else out there exists like it right
and while that you know that you know
maybe that's not untrue right we still
do think of ourselves
as a software creation platform that
anyone can use um
i think you know real category
definition
means that you've you've been very
explicit about what are your
alternatives you know
the reality is like not everybody in the
world has heard of air table or even the
ones who have heard of our table
aren't using it and so if they're not
using air table they're clearly getting
by they're surviving in life in work
life
without air table so what are they using
what are we actually coming in and
competing with and replacing
um and how are people thinking about the
value of air table
um with respect to those alternatives
right and so
uh one i would just say you know we're
we're starting to get much more crisp
about that i think going into the next
couple years especially as our category
heats up
and we're starting to see more products
that are truly coming after
this category as opposed to you know
always before there were project
management tools that we didn't really
think of as competitors
and then there were top-down low-code
app platforms like servicenow salesforce
app cloud that are
you know powerful but more heavyweight
i.t adopted that we also didn't think of
as competitors
but we are now starting to see you know
direct competition microsoft has a
product called lits that is
uh in many ways like a direct you know
kind of attempt to replicate air
airtable we think we
have a lot of product advantages uh over
that product but um
but you know it's a much more direct
play against their table google has a
product called tables
uh and even amazon just launched
something called honeycomb which is
their their closest uh
you know approximation to the space um
so i think we have to get crisper about
like what is this category
um why are we poised to be the leader in
it and realistically
who do we compete with right um and so
as as we go over the next year i think
those are important questions
um and i have to give a shout out to
karen herself who uh i think has
has helped us as well as many companies
including facebook and salesforce in the
past
um think about these exact questions
it's i mean it's exciting and we talked
about needing to ground
people on something they already know
because it's hard to be like you get you
only get
the ability to explain like one new
thing you can't explain too many
things so there's always this idea of
grounding
when you think about category creation
and uh that's exactly right i mean like
the software creation
pitch that i described earlier was
faulty because i think
it's not obvious to the average customer
to most customers
why do i need to create software in the
first place right it's not a need that's
burning in their minds now
if they actually figured out wait if i
could build my own software that means i
can
you know build this workflow in this
much more structured transparent
collaborative way
like that would be the value the benefit
right um you know maybe i can get
even more you know content produced if
that's my job or build products
better with greater visibility into the
progress within
um but you know just saying hey we're a
software creation platform that wasn't
enough
because it's not clear that people need
that in the first place
yeah yeah no it's one of the things i
love working on the most
i mean this idea of how do you how do
you create and
and own the category or you know be in
an existing category and win
it's really it's both for everybody it's
fun it's really hard when you're living
it so
i i would love to go on to some of the
challenges and bumps in the road
but almost before we do that um i learn
from you in all kinds of different ways
that are not just air tables so i'd love
to like
break it up and shake things up a little
bit and do almost a rapid fire
uh a little bizarre going in the middle
yeah i don't know if i can handle it i'm
gonna ask
you i know i'm gonna but we're gonna get
to the bumps in the road so just be
prepared
next are some of the challenges that you
faced
so let me just ask you a string of rapid
fire questions um what's the worst
advice you ever got
you know this is a little bit easy and
maybe unfair but you know i think the
there were so many loud voices
especially from some of the investors
that we pitched that they just felt
adamant about the fact that we had to go
vertical
right um it was like you will not it was
a definitive statement of you will not
succeed
unless you go vertical and pick a
specific use case and i think it came
from a good place it wasn't mal intent
by any means so i don't want to like
you know um you know be rude about it
but
i think the the net is i think it's a
founder sometimes you just have to trust
your own instinct right like take advice
but also at the end of the day if you
really feel instinctively strongly about
something i think sometimes you have to
just go for it
okay what's the best advice um this
actually i got from
uh mark from facebook uh who i think is
an incredible leader
um but it was you know i i um you know
uh this
we had just seen microsoft launch their
competitor and and the kind of advice
basically was
you know that we tend to overestimate
competition in the short term we get
really freaked out about it
um but we underestimate in the long term
so you know calm yourself down in the
short term
but then like be more paranoid in the
long term about what this really means
over the next five years right even if
their product right now
does or doesn't you know impact our our
uh growth
that's i i think most people miss that i
think they get really freaked out in the
short term and then forget about it
and that especially if it's especially
if it's a big
uh competitor it's best not about it
um do you have a book that helped you as
a founder
yeah so this year in particular i got
really into jim collins
um and the best i think my my favorite
book of a series is great by choice
which is much more oriented towards high
growth startups than
you know some of the older more
traditional companies but it's an
excellent book that talks about
you know ultimately what what are
actually like some of the the um
the consistent patterns of companies
that become great
you know even in the face of competition
even when there are other companies that
look the same on paper
but one became a breakout success and
the other didn't you know what
what was it that made them successful
yeah he's phenomenal i couldn't agree
more on his writing um what's your
current stress reducer that you can
discuss in public
yeah so long drives um you know i think
especially these days there's no
traffic and um and you know if you ever
need to go somewhere uh you know i love
driving
um so i think it's it's just the right
amount of mental
uh engagement but you can really kind of
clear your mind
tea or coffee coffee definitely and iced
and multiple cups a day which i've
convinced myself is not bad for health i
think there was a study that showed
it actually is linked to a reduction in
heart disease risk so
i'm going to keep drinking lots of
coffee yeah you can find a study any
which way
true well i it makes myself uh it makes
me feel better about it
i'm a big caffeine person too so i look
for the studies that make me feel better
okay do you have a current tv show or
podcast
day so justice yeah i just discovered
the a24 the film
distribution companies podcast and it's
really cool because they interview a lot
of these
creators producers actors it's very
candid discussion of a very different
industry but yet
you know i think there are some like
inspirational you know kind of patterns
or leaps of creativity that apply
even to tech into sas that's awesome i
didn't know about that
they're incredible on a very different
group i love that
they make some creepy movies too for
sure
okay so let's go back to the hard stuff
um
so as you're thinking about some of the
lessons that you've learned in the bumps
on the road you've been a ceo and a
co-founder for how long now
well you know i'm uh i've been working
on our table for
about eight years um i will say in the
early days
you know even if you're called ceo it
doesn't really feel like being a ceo
right
because in truth you're just kind of
you're there maybe coding initially or
maybe you're taking sales calls like
whatever it is
and you're just doing anything it takes
to
to get from zero to one right so
yeah everything like so but how has that
changed how do you think about that
i mean i think there's for me it's felt
like there were these really
qualitative shifts in the role every
call at 18 months right i don't know why
it ended up being 18 months and maybe
for some companies it's even faster
or slower but for us it was roughly
every 18 months i would say
um for airtable you know earliest days i
was literally there
you know coding and like thinking about
product stuff like in the weeds along
with
my co-founders and our early employees
um
at some point after that i think it
shifted into okay like
i need to go out and hire because we're
not we're never gonna you know execute
against the broader opportunity that we
think we can
with four people in a room or five right
um and so a lot of my priorities shifted
to figuring out how to hire
and and then like how to align all these
great people that we had put in the room
and like how do we figure out like
what everybody's working on and so on um
and then you kind of transition again
and again maybe to a manager of managers
which is a different skill set
um trying to figure out how to hire your
first you know kind of
um you know early leadership team within
the company that's still very scrappy
and like able to adapt et cetera
but a lot of that time you're also still
you know kind of literally the chief
plumber like i remember distinctly there
was a point where i plunged the toilet
of our shared
um you know restroom because we had one
restroom we had one toilet and
you know sometimes you just had to roll
up your sleeves and and uh literally
plunge the toilet right um
so i think like early days it was really
just unblocking whatever need to be like
horrible uh unintentional pun there but
unblocking whatever needs to be unlocked
to keep the company running right um and
uh and then like i think
as you get later and for me it's it's
been palpable like over the past year
especially
you get to this point where i think
we're still very early and we're still
very much like the david in this kind of
like battle especially against a
microsoft size goliath
um but we have it now feels like we have
like a pretty
like sizeable comparatively amount of
resources to like certainly early days
right and so
you know we've raised some some funding
we have a few hundred million in the
bank of cash that we can deploy towards
you know hiring or marketing or whatever
we want to do
um and we also i think have the ability
now to
to hire really really great people
across the board whether it's individual
contributors or
execs and so i think it becomes a
challenge for
for the ceo to like you know really
ultimately figure out it's not just
about working hard at this point it's
not just about throwing yourself full
body
at every toilet that needs to be plunged
either physically or metaphorically
but it's about figuring out how do you
get the most leverage how do you do the
things that only you can do
because everything else that you can
hire for and in fact hire somebody who
can do the job better than you had which
i think at this point
you know most jobs within the company
can be done better by somebody else like
you know our cmo is much better at you
know every part of marketing than i am
right now i can still partner with her
to think about you know particularly
tricky part of you know the messaging of
some new product feature or
how we position the product right but
likewise the same would
go for you know many of our other
leaders and
and so then i think it becomes a
question of figuring out like what can i
uniquely do and it's partly hiring the
right leadership team especially
building the right cultural practices
and standards and like you know defining
what the culture of the company is
defining are you a performance-oriented
culture
or not um you know and there's no right
answers to these things right but what
works for for this type of company
um you know i think making the bigger
creative leaps
that i think sometimes like you know a
founder ceo can do on instinct
um you know and sometimes that instinct
is wrong but sometimes it's right and
you can't prove it
but you know that's what strategy is
right you know making a big bet that
we don't just want to compete against
project management or productivity tools
but we need to keep pushing into
building a platform ecosystem we need to
push into new layers
of value that actually unlock additional
tam for us such as the ability to
customize a ui for instance on top of
airtable that kind of thing
so making these bigger creative leaps
and resourcing against them
and then finally i think just
simplifying um that was a surprising
part of the job this year for me was
realizing it's not just about saying
like here's all the things
we can or could do or should do
but really in fact like you know i think
part of the ceo
as well as the exec team's role is to
help navigate that almost terrifying
expanse of possibilities i mean
especially for us as a product like
there's so many different directions we
could go in terms of product initiatives
and go to market
and so i think the job partly is also to
take
all of that possibility space and
distill it and simplify it into a clear
set of objectives that everybody can
fully align around
get get behind understand and then apply
to be more creative and innovative in
their day-to-day job right having that
context if here's the simplified frame
of our strategy
you know allows every person within the
company to be more
more autonomous and then deciding what
am i going to work on day to day
so there are a ton more questions that i
have i'm also looking
and i want to make sure we get to
everybody else's questions we have a
number of lined up already in the q a
section and i'll remind people
they can ask more there um maybe we
should go just to some of the key
takeaways
um and and just have a sense of
are there is there something you want to
point out here on the key takeaway
before i go
to some of the audience questions
no i think um i think a lot of them are
self-explanatory
you know the the uh you know the
investors part is pretty important i
think you know
we were very fortunate to always have at
every phase of the company at every
stage of finding uh financing
investors that were one like truly
aligned with the goals of the company
like saw the massive opportunity
you know to be this really large
platform um you know company rather than
you know
for instance being more i mean you need
to understand it's an actual platform
that people are building on
exactly and that's a very different kind
of business
um and execution path than if you just
want to be a vertical sas solution or a
productivity tool right
um and so i think um having investors
who are very supportive of us basically
swinging for the fences with the
platform play
being patient with with how long that
would take um was really really
important i mean i think
with a different set of investors we may
not have made it right um to where we
are today i think we might have gotten
pressured to either sell out early or go
down a more narrow path compete more
directly with project management tools
so
so i think that is a really important
thing to get right and just finding
people who share
both your very human values cultural
values um but also the values of the
company and what you're aspiring to
become
um well thank you i believe our time
[Music]
you